Website make your thinking about having
your first one make
form maybe you just need a new better
one
in any case you should know at least
some basics about web design
and no worries it will only take three
minutes.First of all
let's face it the website is the core
you're on line marketing activities
if you look at all the marketing
channels and techniques what they
actually do is bring visitors to your
website and the main purpose of a website
is turning these visitors into customers
in marketing terms
this is called conversion a bad website
will basically cause you to waste money
and other marketing methods
because you don't need more visitors
if you can't turn them into customers
so the better your website is the more
visitors are converted into your customers
and it doesn't really matter whether
your sell consumer products online
provide local services or build houses.
Many people in the industry call
them selves web designers
but they really are just a bunch of
geeks with some basic coding knowledge
of course without much planning they
will pretty quickly create a website for your
with lots of information photos, contacts,
but, the question is,
is that the way to turn the visitors
into your customers
is that we need and the answer is simple
NO.
What you have to do is look for someone
serious about web design
well, that's where we come in. This is how
we
make website by following this 7-piece
web design process
phase one, analysis the first step is
always about
information gathering, identifying things
like the website purpose
Goals and target audience. Phase two,
planning
a plan includes the definition of the
site map, structure
and technologies that were about to
use.  Phase three,
design no only do we focus on wire frame
models
and the usual style in this stage but
also on the usability of the user
interface for the best possible user
experience.
Phase four,
content a very important part of the
process is choosing to write text, photos
or videos all optimized not only for your
visitors but
also for search engines. Phase Five,
development
here actually create the website using
in the Hypertext Markup Language and
cascading style sheet with some help
from databases
in other technologies as well if needed
and websites can accessible to
mobile devices too.
Phase Six, testing, we test all the technical
features
like code and scripts compatibility with
major browsers but, we also ask ourselves
if the website really fulfilled its
purpose. Phase Seven,
deployment after we launch the site our
job is definitely not done yet
we always monitor what's happening
after the start enabling us to fix any
possible deficiencies
and if you want we can also manage to
future maintenance
and updates for you. As you've just seen
Web Design is a very complex process
but we believe this is how website
should be done and
our customers agree and if you share our
passion for high-quality web sites
let's get in touch will be happy to help
you with what we do best. www.Webociti.com 888-685-4910